It was personal, all right.
today our tip will be suspended at sea the terms of a progression
arithmetic
the expression known to people easily proven rogério also
suspected sum
to map with him had
cid behind something even more
companies where the 1
is the first time was not the issue in question
en is the number of inmates
what happens is that people if they have some with much origin is spoken more
there is a very cool Swiss story about the German called
gauchos
when he was very small he was asked if the college
about the separation here was too much and it was teacher ready to get them
but here for me fire with suit + 2 + 3g + blah blah blah blah blah
more than 98 but 99%
and he was very small so the teacher did not expect it here
that was answered with such ease
he used
this format a little bit differently
after a few seconds young woman chose teacher soraya sport 5050
amazed deborah secco
klaus how did you do it
Yes the teachers I did the following
look first day
look at last let's add forget first time in that last paragraph
but I know
after choosing the city
also pressed we will centralize
when does it give 2 more than 99
our tent of the 101 also
let's wait a little bit with him three more 98
but it is true also 3 48 also of 101
he could stop if we make that sum
from the outside in
It's always going to be the same.
the team that much of the terms and may be in testing
those who in practice are very simple
if you apply 4 to 1 in pacaembu
and if you want to do our part without having a company and almost
but the answer five months nothing
he used repair time I will always have sum 101
now I will have that sum 101 how many times where it is adding in doubles
while we are on the ground the proposal is insensitive
if we have been engaged in the pre-salt hussain accounts divided by
It's different come to this, I do not think 101
in every rural show
and how many times his cassation happens without dividing by two the number
of doubles reaching 101
resulting in 5 thousand and 50
bad or good was what he did what they would do what is your first time
there
who's the hundredth we've done here decayed with over 6 101
Who is not even a number of trips to India?
with 116 runners
before the sao paulo
we can remember this house from frant simplify that remember our way
so I hope I have helped
exposed works